README.md, before:

# laptop

Laptop configuration for Arch Linux

## Requirements

- [Arch](https://archlinux.org/)

## Installation

### As root

```bash
# Install the necessary dependencies
pacman -Syy ansible git which sudo

# Allow the "sudo" group to issue sudo commands
sed -i 's/#\s*%sudo/%sudo/g' /etc/sudoers

# Create a new user
useradd --create-home user

# Add a password for the newly created user
passwd user

# Add the sudo group
groupadd sudo

# Add the "sudo" group for the created user
usermod --add --groups sudo user
```

### As user

#### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/aminnairi/laptop.git

# Change the current working directory
cd laptop

# Apply the configuration
ansible-playbook --ask-become-pass playbook.yml
```

#### Configuration

```bash
touch i3/i3status/settings.json
```

```json
{
  "weather": {
    "appid": "your-openweathermap-api-key-here"
  }
}
```

#### Startup

```bash
startx
```

## Shortcuts

Shortcut | Description
---|---
`Super + x` | Lock the screen
`Super + p` | Start a new screenshot

Commit message:

added more instructions for bitwarden inside rofi

README.md, after:

# laptop

Laptop configuration for Arch Linux

## Requirements

- [Arch](https://archlinux.org/)

## Installation

### As root

```bash
# Install the necessary dependencies
pacman -Syy ansible git which sudo

# Allow the "sudo" group to issue sudo commands
sed -i 's/#\s*%sudo/%sudo/g' /etc/sudoers

# Create a new user
useradd --create-home user

# Add a password for the newly created user
passwd user

# Add the sudo group
groupadd sudo

# Add the "sudo" group for the created user
usermod --add --groups sudo user
```

### As user

#### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/aminnairi/laptop.git

# Change the current working directory
cd laptop

# Apply the configuration
ansible-playbook --ask-become-pass playbook.yml
```

#### Configuration

##### Bitwarden

```
rbw config set email <email>
```

Where `<email>` is the email to use for Bitwarden.

##### i3

```bash
touch i3/i3status/settings.json
```

```json
{
  "weather": {
    "appid": "your-openweathermap-api-key-here"
  }
}
```

#### Startup

```bash
startx
```

## Shortcuts

Shortcut | Description
---|---
`Super + x` | Lock the screen
`Super + p` | Start a new screenshot
